comments are still hidden Wow
coming to you now from the largest
studio ever constructed it's The Truman
Show good morning
oh and in case I don't see it good
afternoon good evening and good night no
scripts no cue cards if you were watched
every moment of your life how many
cameras you got there in that town all
right I believe Truman is the first
child to have been legally adopted by a
corporation that's correct
brilliant what if everyone you knew was
pretending you're safe hmm that's
amazing
what if your world was make-believe cue
the Scheinman while the world he
inhabits is counterfeit to talk to you
that's how I look on your tape there's
nothing fake about Truman himself until
now these a lot of strange things have
been happening Stan my ring can see
looking at us you think he knows I think
I'm mixed up in something something big
we accept the reality with which we're
presented everybody's pretending to like
the whole world revolves around me
everybody seems to be in on it I'm going
away for a while
I'm not in Hana Truman because the last
thing that I would ever do is lie fade
up music
that's our hero shot
[Music]
we stop give me some light I like your
pen I was wondering that myself Jim
Carrey The Truman Show watch what
happens
[Music]